Oh. my
God. It's time. Samir.
-Okay. I'll fix it. I'm gonna fix it.
-Yeah. yeah.
We need to shower.
It's getting bad.
You have to call someone. Please.
We're starting to have a group smell.
Okay. First of all. I
like the group smell.
And second of all. why is it on me?
-What?
-'Cause it's your parents' house.
-Yeah. what?
-Okay. I will fix the hot water.
and you will all live
like kings again.
And you will all live like kings again.
-Thank you. -Oh. thank God.
-Thank you.
-Oh. thank God.
-You're welcome.
-Wait. Where's my bag?
-Oh. I got it.
-I love you.
-Oh. shit. The keys.
-No. I have the keys.
Bro.
Okay. guys. food. Just back to
food. What are we doing for food?
Ooh. Billie is high.
She has a vision.
Okay. So you know how the Papa
Johns account followed me back?
-So weird.
-Of course.
I've been DMing them.
sort of flirting.
-Mmm.
-They sent me a 20%-off coupon.
We use it tonight. We get home.
We put on that tape of
Samir in The Music Man.
-That's beautiful.
-Okay.
-Wow.
-Very good. I like that.
-Okay. so Billie is a high genius or what?
-Yeah. no.
-She's been doing this since high school.
-No.
Yeah. Yeah. Pre-prom.
The great Sbarro's haul.
My metabolism. like.
stopped that day.
Oh. my God. It's happening.
-What?
-Oh. shit.
-Oh. fuck.
-Oh. my God.
-Oh. my gosh.
Oh. my man.
-Oh. my God.
-It's so big.
-What? Don't say it's big.
-Okay. Look at it.
Okay. Uh. sir. you are experiencing
a mental health crisis.
Step one. these
resources c... Oh.
Oop. there's a paywall.
-You tried.
-Oh. my God.
Uh...
So what are the rules. huh?
We can just masturbate
at strangers now?
No one cares?
That's totally fine?
Issa. No. stop.
Stop. no. Issa. Issa.
-Issa. Don't... No. no. No.
-No. stop
-Whoa!
-Oh. my God.
Is this the world you
wanna live in. sir?
Stop. stop.
-Is this what you want?
-Hey. babe. I think he's into it.
Issa. Issa. stop.
He's going faster.
He's going faster. Harder.
Stop. stop. Oh. my God.
-I must engage.
-You don't have to.
You don't. There's no need.
-Why? No one else is doing anything.
-Stop! Issa!
You could've done
something! You're a nurse!
-Issa!
-Whoa!
Hey! Don't film.
What. are you crazy?
-No. Oh. my God.
-I bet you didn't expect me.
Please. she's doing this
for your daughters. I think.
-Oh. You wanna go faster? Want it faster?
-She's gonna get arrested.
I can go faster! I've been
doing this since I was seven!
Was that bad? That was bad.
No. baby. You did
so good. So good.
Did he come though? If he came.
like. the fuck was I doing?
No. Issa. Issa. stop.
He did not come.
I looked into his eyes.
And he did not come.
Yeah. He was flaccid.
baby. I swear.
Oh. yeah. He definitely
came. It's on my shoe.
Okay. there's no
way you know all of them.
I know them all.
okay? I memorized them?
-Ready?
-Okay. go.
-Dave & Buster's?
-Yeah.
Okay. um... -No.
come on. I gotta go to work.
-You and Samir in middle school?
-Yes!
Uh...
Oh. The one where Samir
looks a little gay.
-Wait. which one?
-Uh...
-Sailor hat?
-Yes!
-Yes! Okay.
-Okay. bye. friends.
-Bye. Bye.
-Bye. Paul Baker.
Hello.
Um. okay. Uh...
Oh...
-Please. Please! Come on. Please. Samy.
-No. don't. Don't. No! No!
-You're gonna cave. just cave.
-No! No.
We're not messing
with the dynamic.
-He's not moving in. Iss.
-He won't mess with... He'll add...
-Guys.
-Mm-hmm?
How amazing was hanging out
with Paul Baker this weekend?
-Amazing. It was great.
-Amazing. Life-changing.
-Right?
-It was actually so much fun.
-It doesn't matter. There's no room.
-Oh. he's gonna cave.
He'll cave. Make the
face. he'll cave.
There's nowhere to put
him. He's. like. this big.
Please.
-No.
-Make it the weird little titty baby.
-He won't know what to do with that.
-No. No weird babies.
-It's too early for titty baby.
-Please.
-Don't. Stop.
-Daddy.
-Stop.
-Wait. Samy. please. please.
I love you. and I'd love...
...Paul Baker.
-Mm-hmm?
-And if you love me. you will let him
love... me.
-Oh. my God. You were so close.
-You were so close.
-You were right there.
-Lost it at the end there.
-You were right there. -Lost it at the end there.
-Yeah. Yeah. -
Yeah. Yeah.
-Wait. Wait. Wait. Kyle is trending?
-Kyle who?
-Kyle Haberman.
-What? Why?
-He is?
-I was just talking to him this weekend.
Did we know he was
harassed at work?
-No.
-Oh. my God.
What?
"I was groped by my boss.
Now. I'm speaking out."
-Oh. my God.
-He looks like he was molested.
-Anton!
-It's not even a recent picture of him.
Okay. well. he looks
like he saw it coming.
Wait. guys. this is so
sad. Should I reach out?
Wait. guys. this is so sad. Should I
reach out? We were literally just talking.
We were literally just talking.
Okay. you guys. I can
feel us doing a thing.
so I just wanna get
ahead of it. Um...
-Kyle sucks.
-Anton!
-He orders. like. $20 drinks.
and then just. like.
never Venmos for them.
Yeah. He owes me. like. $300. I
know his parents are rich too.
Kyle. comma.
molested. question mark?
And also. remember when he said we
live in the shit-taint of Queens?
-Okay. But we do.
-Yeah. I know.
One hundred percent.
But it's our shit-taint.
Okay. but can we just give
it. like. five seconds?
I mean. this poor kid.
-Mm-hmm.
-Set your timer.
Sorry.
Also how he always. like. marks himself
safe from tsunamis and shit.
He... He wasn't
even near water.
I can't believe he didn't tell me this
this weekend when we were talking.
-Were you talking?
-Were you chatting?
-Did you talk?
-Be honest. What were you doing?
-Seriously. fuck you.
-No. Iss. come on. You're a good friend.
-I know.
-Except. again. you don't have to be.
We don't have to all love the
kid just 'cause he was molested.
He's not Brendan Fraser.
-Oh. my.
-Oh. my God. That is...
I'm sorry. I heard it. That... That
was actually crazy. I'm so sorry.
-My God.
-Safe from Nepal earthquake. Look.
He's in Bushwick.
-Next.
-Hey. Um...
So I have to pay this
company. uh. Peter's Heaters
to fix my parents' boiler.
'Cause they're traveling and
the hot water is just out.
And I'm-I'm. like.
the guy. so...
Um...
But they only...
they only take check.
But they only... they only take
check. and I don't so much have check.
And I don't so much have check.
So. I came here. uh...
to the bank and...
You need... Now you
please say something.
Social security number?
Um...
You don't know your social?
No. I do. It's
just that my mom.
she... she knows the
shit out of it. Yeah.
Fill this out. Bring it back.
Is... Is this the right...
Yep. Yep. Okay.
Hey.
Uh. so they were all out of
chocolate chip. so I got you carob.
-Oh.
-Yeah. I debated not telling you.
How'd it go?
Oh. you know... I always thought the world
was gonna be waiting for me. and instead.
-everyone's annoyed that I'm here.
-Mmm. no. that's hard.
-So. update. Full profile in the Post.
-Oh. is this Kyle?
This is Kyle. $200.000
payout. and. uh...
Oh. Doja Cat reposted that
Kyle is the V of our G.
-Gross.
-No. Voice of our generation.
Oh. Gross.
This is crazy.
Yeah. And... Okay.
-I wouldn't say this to anybody else...
-Oh. you're jealous.
-I'm jealous.
-You're jealous.
-Okay. Obviously...
-I know.
Obviously I'm not saying that
I want to be molested at work.
You're not saying that. But
you're jealous of a victim.
I just can't believe that someone
we know is big fucking deal already.
God. Came up behind
him in the cubicle.
What was this guy thinking?
Kyle's boss? Honestly.
probably wasn't.
No. seriously. we did a
whole story on it at work.
half the time men don't even realize
when they cross a line sexually.
Half the time?
Yeah. No. it's
fucked.
Ugh...
Hey. You don't
think I've ever. like...
What?
-Like. crossed the line sexually?
-What? Samir. no.
Obviously.
not. I mean.
-when would you've crossed the line?
-I don't know! You just said
-that men don't realize half the time.
-Okay. stop!
So half the time. I
wouldn't have realized.
Do not spiral. You're
an actual baby angel.
And on the spectrum of men.
kind of a little bitch boy.
-Okay...
-No! I mean. it's a good thing.
-It's a good thing!
-Okay. It's a good thing.
Also. please. just focus
on fixing the hot water.
I swear. if I get ringworm from the
work shower. I'm giving it to you.
Okay.
Oh. my...
Hey!
Hey. Come here a sec. Yeah.
Oh.
Hey.
Uh. do kids your age give
a shit about Al Gore?
Oh. um...
Yeah... I don't...
I don't know if...
See? She doesn't
know who that is.
-I do...
-It's okay.
-Put the Kyle kid on for 8:30.
-Kyle Haberman?
Yeah.
Yeah. I actually
know him. If...
Do you?
We were actually just
talking last week.
See? All the kids love Kyle.
Get him in slot A. Yeah?
Thanks. Bobbie.
Okay. Close the door.
Billie.
Billie. Bobbie. Like. why doesn't anybody
name their kid Liz anymore?
Oh. Samy. this is so nice. I'm
really glad that you reached out.
I know. Same.
Um...
And hey. Um...
I don't know if you heard about this stuff
with. like. Kyle Haberman or whatever.
-That whistleblower kid?
-Yeah.
Oh. yeah. Don't you know him?
Yeah. I do.
It just. you know. had me thinking a lot
about. like. my own relationships. and...
You know. and I don't
know if you know this.
half the time. men don't even realize
when they cross a line sexually.
-Whoa. really?
-Yeah.
So. I just wanted to do some...
some reaching out and check...
-and see...
-Oh.
Samy. no. You never crossed
a line. No. you're good.
Okay. Right? That's...
-You? You... No. you're good.
-That's what I thought for like...
-That's what I thought for like... But. no. that's...
But. no. that's...
-Thank God. Yeah. Cheers then.
-Okay. cheers.
-Cheers. Cheers. Yeah.
-Cheers. Cheers to that.
All right. wait.
wait. -Hmm?
-Hmm.
-Wait. there was that one time.
-Remember fall break?
-What?
We slept together. I
was. like. way too drunk.
Like... Like. like gone.
But no. no.
Nothing besides that.
Besides that.
I mean. you did sexually
assault me.
-You should... You should stop.
-Yeah. you should stop doing that.
Ah.
Samir. you have to
eat. I'm serious.
Samir. you have to eat. I'm
serious. Samir. we talked about it.
Samir. we talked about it.
Like. we all spoke about it. and we
do feel like it's not cancelable.
Maybe I should just call
her and apologize again.
Samy. no. Carly
said she was fine.
So don't even worry.
We're not gonna move out.
You're not gonna move out of my
parents' house where you live for free.
Okay. That's...
Oh. my parents. How am I
gonna tell them about this?
-Oh. boo!
-Boo!
Samy. leave your parents alone.
Let them fuck their way through
the national parks in peace.
Yeah. I don't think this really crosses.
like. the parent threshold. my man.
Yeah. exactly. Parents are
for murder and carpet stains.
Anything in between that
is. like. for a cool aunt.
Oh. yeah. Do you
have a cool aunt?
I don't know. You
wanna live with her?
I don't know. Does she have hot water?
-I don't know. Does she have hot water?
-I'm working on it.
I'm working on it.
Okay. Now I do have to go
and get ready for another day
as my office's resident youth expert.
Oh. my God. Is that
still happening?
Yeah. The other day
my boss asked me.
-"What is a JoJo Siwa?"
-I don't know how you'd answer that.
-That's actually a good question. Yeah.
-A really good question.
Oh. And yes. my boss did
get Kyle on the show.
And yes. I have decided that
I'm genuinely happy for him.
Bills. if you wanna get ahead at
work. you totally can. you know?
Like. now is the time.
You're kind of in the window.
-Oh. yeah. That's true.
-Mmm.
-Wait. what window?
-What?
Girl. the window.
You know. like the week
after a sex scandal.
-or like a race whoopsie when everyone is...
-Love that.
...terrified of all the
young people in their office?
Okay. So. I just...
-So you use the window.
-Yeah.
-These people are. like. in their 50s.
-They're so old.
-They're so old. Make them think you could cancel them on an app they don't use.
Make them think you could cancel
them on an app they don't use.
-Yeah.
-That's true.
My buddy did it right
after Kavanaugh.
Became the youngest
partner in his law firm.
-It works.
-Mm-hmm.
-I don't know. Isn't it sort of. like...
-Fucked? Gross? Manipulative?
-I don't... Yes. I mean. it is.
-Yeah. No. it's all of those things. but...
It's honestly up to you. Billie.
But. in a week. the
window will close.
then everyone goes back
to not giving a shit.
So. I would just.
like. think about it.
-Hi. Kelly.
-You know?
Oh.
Yeah. I'm gonna be
camera-off today.
Yeah. I'm in the office.
Yeah. There's just. um. some
construction in my cubicle.
Yeah. Oh. it's getting louder.
You know what's messed up?
After all I've been through.
this house of depravity
still stands tall.
And to that. I say.
"Knock it down!"
Knock it down! Knock it down!
Knock it down!
-Come on. say it.
-Knock it down.
Anton. This is nice. We are being nice.
I'm
supporting you supporting Kyle.
And I'm in support of
us getting lunch after.
Oh. yeah. Some of the victims were
saying they were gonna get sushi after?
You met the victims?
Are these people not victims?
-Oh. hey. Kyle! Hey! Kyle! Hi!
-Kyle. how are you?
-Anton. what's up? You guys!
-Kyle.
-Oh. my God. It's so good to see you.
-So good to see you.
But where's the rest
of the commune. huh?
Billie and Samir finally decided to fuck?
That is genius.
No. um. but she did actually pop
a pimple on his ass last week.
-Oh. yeah.
-Which is. like. fifth base?
-Okay.
-Dude.
Yeah. Totally.
Um. Kyle. you were literally
so fucking good up there.
Your boss is def gonna kill
himself when this airs. Congrats.
-Thanks.
-Um...
Also. what's happening next?
Are there more speakers. or...
-Nah. it's one and only right here.
-Oh. Totally makes sense.
Okay. well. if you need
someone to keep the crowd hot.
I am an experienced
organizer. hyphen. extrovert.
That would actually
be super dope. Iss.
but I don't think they're
gonna let you onstage
without one of these
guys.
-Oh.
-Wow. Okay. so that just says "victim."
-Okay. so I don't have one of those.
-It's all good.
-No. you don't have to. Okay.
-I do have...
-Okay. And also...
-Okay.
Hold this. I also have...
-"Child of immigrants"?
-Your parents are from London.
-Shut up. And I also have...
-Okay.
"Sex worker"?
-Mm-hmm.
-Yeah. She reads horoscopes on OnlyFans.
At the end I show
hole.
Um...
Yeah. I mean. I guess
you could try and.
-like. roll the dice. see...
-Oh. awesome!
-Do you need help?
-No!
New York City. whoo!
Are we having fun?
Well. Kyle wasn't...
when he was touched at work.
Did
you get the new chyron?
-Yeah.
-No. The other one.
No. not that one.
Not that one.
Not...
-Yeah. Great. Did we put...
-Randy. hi.
Um. I was just hoping to chat
real quick if you had a sec.
Um. so obviously
I've...
I've been here for a
minute now. as you know.
-Uh-huh.
-Um. and I love running copies.
I feel like I'm engaging with
every aspect of the company.
But. you know. I do...
I just... I feel like I might be
ready for some more responsibility.
-if that makes sense. And...
-Shit. Jason?
The Kyle kid's
doing a fundraiser.
Get a crew together now. please.
Just with everything
going on right now
in this climate.
I would just hope that my company
would support me as a young person.
Yeah. Yeah. you're
absolutely right.
Really? I...
Yeah.
You know what? Let's do a
meeting. Yeah.
Uh. Monday. We free
Monday? You free Monday?
Monday. we'll bring in Chuck...
...we'll-we'll
bring in. uh. Laura.
Laura is gonna wanna poach
you for some fieldwork.
I mean... ...Uh. yes!
Yeah. thank you.
Monday is...
Let me check. Monday
is great.
Yes. Thank you.
Thank you. Great
work today. Billie.
Thanks. Um. okay. Well.
I will see you Monday.
Really? That's...
Oh. my God. That's
great to hear 'cause...
Samir.
Like. obviously not.
You were always. always
respectful. okay?
Because...
this other girl said she was
too drunk one time. And I...
I just... I feel like
that's not me. you know?
Sorry. what are you...
Wha-What are you doing?
I'm not. like. doing
anything. I just wanted to...
What? Are you trying to.
like. coalition-build with me?
-Is that why I'm here?
-Is that... Is that what it sounds like?
You dragged me all the way
to Queens so I can say.
"Oh. don't worry. Samir. It's
totally okay what you did
to that poor girl."
Okay.
Um. you know what?
Maybe you should just give
me that other girl's number.
It might be better
if we spoke directly.
-I'll just call you a car as well.
-Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna go.
"business as usual is not
gonna cut it anymore."
And it's all thanks
to this young man.
And it's all thanks to this
young man. Kyle Matthew Haberman.
Kyle Matthew Haberman.
Yeah. And then
we'll go to Kyle.
Kyle's gonna talk
about the movement.
Ba. ba. ba. ba. ba. and then...
You're... Y-You're perfect. Billie. yeah.
Almost thought you were
him for a second there.
Ah!
Yeah. Oof
"My boss groped me."
What?
Kyle's boss groped him.
-That's right.
-I'm Kyle.
We are Kyle.
Ah.
Aw. look at her. She has
always wanted a clipboard.
Thank you for
coming. We thank you.
-Yeah. I understand.
-For the cause.
-For the cause!
Yeah. My love. Issa.
Yeah. My love. Issa. -Yeah.
-You're doing too much.
-Yeah.
Okay. Just 'cause you
don't believe in causes...
-No. I believe in causes!
-Name one.
Um... Unfree Britney.
Oh. and. uh. Black Power.
-You know I can't say anything to that.
-Yeah.
Either way. I... This
is important to me.
So I need you to
support me in my cause.
And I do. And
Kyle's behind you.
Who? Oh.
-Kyle. hi! You look amazing.
-Hey.
Thanks. People just. like.
gift me shit now. It's wild.
-It's just. like. shows up at my door now.
-Wow. Yeah. super cool.
But. anyway. I was looking
at the rally schedule.
I think there's
something so dope
-that we can do at Pier 6. We can...
-Yeah. no. I'm with that.
-Anton.
-Yeah.
Do you blow?
Oh. Uh. I mean. no. But. yeah.
-Yeah. I'll do that. Yeah. Let's go.
-Fuck it.
Anton. what are you doing? You
haven't even made a placard yet.
-Well. make me one.
-What did we just say
-about supporting the cause?
-I am. More than anyone.
I'm gonna go do coke with the
cause. So. I do have to go.
-Anton...
-But I love you.
-Hi.
-Mmm.
-Mmm. Never surrender. girl!
Never surrender. girl!
Hey. How's it going?
Awful. actually.
so...
-Wait. how did it go with your ex?
-Not good. Uh. bad. actually.
-Samy...
-Yes. Yes.
I'll never get a job
because I am a sex pariah.
-No. No.
-Yeah.
The boiler still doesn't
work. But it's good.
Paul Baker can have my room
'cause I will be in sex prison.
Paul Baker can have my room 'cause I will be in sex prison. Samy.
we would not take your room. We would make it into an art studio.
Samy. we would not take your room.
We would make it into an art studio.
Also. do you have a dollar bill? I
think I need to do coke for activism.
Yeah.
-Just be safe.
-Thanks.
Oh. my God. Wait. so that means that
the window. like. actually worked!
It worked.
Meeting is Monday. a
promotion is imminent. and...
Thank you.
...I just have this
deep sense of. like...
I'm tracing the outline
of who I am as a person.
I'm tracing the outline of who I am as a
person. Oh. my God. Was that beautiful?
Oh. my God. Was that beautiful?
-Absolutely! Cheers. Billie.
-Cheers. Paul Baker.
So. wait. when's
the big meeting?
Oh. Monday because after
that. the window closes.
and that's literally the only
reason why any of this is happening.
Wow.
Wait. even though
Monday's a holiday?
Paul Baker.
Hey.
What's up. man?
I feel like the three of us
can win The Amazing Race.
-What?
-I do. I do.
-What? - I do. I do.
-Hey. girl! -Hey. babe. Hey. It's good to see you.
-Hey. girl!
-Hey. babe. Hey. It's good to see you.
Samir?
-Hey. Issa's friend. Lea.
-Hey.
Yeah. yeah. Hi.
-Did you make a sign yet or...
-No. uh. but I'm gonna. I'm. like. just...
-That's fucked up.
-No. I am literally about to...
-I'm gonna make one...
-Nah. I'm just messing. I'm messing. It's...
Yeah.
No. but seriously.
Issa told me about your ex
and the whole...
-Oh. She told you about that?
-No.
No. no. no. I'm...
I'm with you. okay?
I'm for the boys.
Listen to me. this is why you
can't get finger-banged anymore
without signing a
fucking contract.
Oh... Oh.
Okay. I g...
-No. I guess it is weird right now.
-So weird. It's really weird.
Huh.
Anyways.
No. no. That's all
you. Please. No.
Okay.
Because. you know. we
can also go together.
Um...
Would I have to sign
a contract first or...
Yeah. My lawyer's
already in there.
Come on.
-What sign are you?
-Sagittarius.
I don't know my sign. but I
feel like I'm a Sagittarius.
Can you pass me that
wine down there?
So. guys. we're just
gonna move down the line.
What does Kyle's
movement mean to you?
-Me?
-Yeah.
We are Kyle.
I'm sorry?
We are... We are Kyle.
Did you know Monday
was a holiday?
Do you have all
of it?
-Oh. Randy! Hey.
-Hey. Billie. Great job today.
Oh. Thanks. Um. hey. so I just
realized our meeting Monday.
we're actually off work.
-So. I was thinking what if we...
-Oh...
Right. You know what.
we'll do next week.
Or... ...I'm around right now.
if you wanna give Chuck and Laura a call.
-You know.
-Oh... Actually... Crap.
-Chuck's gone next week.
-We'll do the week after that.
-The week after that. You know. um...
Yeah. Oh...
No. Sochi.
Uh. Laura is in Sochi.
Yeah. It's not gonna
work next week. Um...
How about February?
Feb's wide open.
Okay. Uh. oh. sure.
Yeah. Sure. Yeah.
As long as you still
give a shit by then.
Sorry?
No. I-I just mean. um. you know.
with everything going on right now
in this climate. I just... I
hope that you still give a shit
about
women.
Excuse me?
Just...
You should remember
to be careful.
I think you need
to go home. Billie.
Yeah.
Don't come in Monday.
Do you mean Tuesday or...
That too.
I'm so...
I'm so glad I met you tonight.
Oh. yeah.
It's so liberating to meet a guy
who just doesn't give a shit.
-Like. yeah?
-Yeah. I don't give a shit.
-Yeah.
-Okay. Spit in my mouth.
-Spit... Spit in your mouth?
-Fuck. yeah.
Come on.
-Just spit!
-I'm sorry. I'm trying.
-I wanna give you what you want. Just...
-Okay.
-Why are you going... Just spit!
-I was...
-I'm gonna show you. okay?
-Okay.
Oh.
Yeah. No. that's good.
-Thanks for showing me.
-Do you like that?
-Yeah.
-You like being washed?
Huh?
You like that?
-You like that? Right?
-Yeah.
You're a bad
boy. You're a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
No. I'm a bad boy.
-Fuck me?
-What?
-What? While I hold my face under.
While I hold my face under.
For drowning or...
Yeah. Is that a
problem for you?
If you drown. is that a problem for you?
Oh! When's the last time
you peed?
Sorry. I can't...
I can't do this.
You're being be a little
bitch. aren't you?
Yeah. sorry.
This is why I don't
do fundraisers.
I love your friends.
Look who it is.
Ugh. you showered? Lucky.
-How'd it go with that girl?
-Good.
Well. no. Bad. Technically.
But she's cool.
Also. Carly's fine. I think.
See? I told you.
And on the spectrum of men. I
might just be a little bitch boy.
Which is good. I think.
Okay. now I am gonna go shower.
because I did bring conditioner.
-Love you. have fun.
-Wait. wait. wait. Don't.
I've got you.
Hey. So. I think
I lost my job t...
-Hey. I... What... What is happening?
-We stole Kyle's coke.
and now we're fixing the boiler ourselves.
We're being our own Peter Heaters.
...so. we're gonna
replace the boiler with a 50 gallon...
-I got the tape.
-Clockwise is right.
-That's now counterclock...
-I have the tape. Guys. look.
-Billy.
-Hi.
-She's here.
-Come. Billie. quick!
There's a box labeled "Samir baby hats."
You have to pick one. Come on. pick one.
It's gonna be fun. Come on.
This doesn't
look like that.
Why is it ticking? Why
am I ticking? Guys?
It's moving now.
-Why is it ticking?
-Lefty loosey.
-Yeah. Lefty loosey.
-Hold that. Hold it.
-Hold that. Hold it. Hold the flashlight. please.
Hold the flashlight. please.
-Hold the flashlight. please.
-Okay. so it sounds like it might explode. - I got it.
-Okay. so it sounds like it might explode.
-I got it.
Where can I help?
What can I do?
"...if ticking lasts over one minute total.
there's risk of immediate decap..." Uh...
-There's a paywall.
-No. There's always a paywall.
-Hey. Hey. Are you good?
-I'm good.
Are you good? Because if you're
not good. then I'm not good.
-I'm good!
-Okay.
Look at these guys.
You know what?
We're gonna be good.
Ugh!
Still not hot.
♪♪ People ♪♪
♪♪ People. people ♪♪
♪♪ Dancing on the
people I've got ♪♪
♪♪ I got people ♪♪
♪♪ People ♪♪
♪♪ Purple hat. cheetah print ♪♪
♪♪ Dancing on the people
Rolled up at the after joint ♪♪
♪♪ Dancing dancing
on the people ♪♪
♪♪ People dancing on the people
I got people on the people ♪♪
♪♪ People dancing
on the people ♪♪
♪♪ With the people on the... ♪♪